# SEProject
This was my Software Engineering's class project. We had a group of four working on this during the semester. I was in charge of the GUI of this project. I used JavaFX in order to do this. The project wasn't simple and took lots of effort. This is the best thing I have created/helped create thus far. I am currently working on my Senior Project, but it is far from finished. If I were ever to redo this project I would probably put more comments in for others to understand. I wasn't able to finish all my comments before turning this project it.
<p>The goal of this project was to create a program to help the (imaginary) business called Chocoholics Annonymous. We had to create a database and program so that they could use it in thier offices. The only way to actually start the program was to be a part of the database's system. We used the Microsoft Azure Portal and had to input our IP's into the firewall to pass the system. <p>If you want to see what I did for the GUI you can download the JavaFX Scene Builder 2.0 and open up the files labeled as .fxml in the folder (MainSEProject\MainSEProject\src\Graphics\gui). The rest of the folder of Graphics are the controllers, which are connected to the .fxml files. These allowed me to use and attach events using java.
<p>The rest of the project was created by my peers, which connected to the Azure database using sqljdbc_4.0 to go between java and SQL. Being the person who built the GUI I had to understand this code in order to connect it to the GUI. When I first started the semester I had almost no clue about SQL, by the end I am confident in being able to read SQL very well.
<p>-Sean Fyock
